[CLAP] Add CLAP to the library (#21370)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/internal/audio_utils.mdx

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Utilities for `FeatureExtractors`

> This page lists all the utility functions that can be used by the audio `FeatureExtractor` in order to compute special features from a raw audio using comon algorightms such as `Short Time Fourier Transform` or `Mel log spectrogram`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists all the utility functions that can be used by the audio [`FeatureExtractor`] in order to compute special features from a raw audio using common algorithms such as *Short Time Fourier Transform* or *Mel log spectrogram*.
```
